Email templates module doc (#205)
StatCan/StatCan.OrchardCore: docs/en/reference/modules/EmailTemplates.md

# EmailTemplates (`StatCan.OrchardCore.EmailTemplates`)

The EmailTemplates module aims to simplify and accelerate the process of sending emails by using templates.

> ## Content definitions

Reviewer: This title is not required

> ## EmailTemplate

Reviewer: I think you need to split this section in two, the EmailTemplates and the EmailTemplatePart

> The EmailTemplate is a document that contains an empty content part that can be attached to content types. Once attached to a content type, you can access the EmailTemplate's part settings and select one or multiple templates to link to the content type. The templates Liquid support allows you to create personalized emails for any content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EmailTemplate feature allow you do define reusable email templates. The fields of the templates support the Liquid language, which allows you to create dynamic emails for any content.
```

Reviewer: This could be at the top under the module.

| Sender | The sender's email address. With Liquid support. |
| ReplyTo | The "reply to" email address. With Liquid support. |
| Recipients | The comma-separated list of recipient email addresses. With Liquid support. |
| CC | The comma-separated list of CC recipient email addresses. With Liquid support. |
| BCC | The comma-separated list of BCC recipient email addresses. With Liquid support. |
| Subject | The subject of the email message. With Liquid support. |
| Body | The body of the email message. With Liquid support. |
| IsBodyHtml | If checked, indicates the body of the email message is HTML. If unchecked, indicates the body of the email message is plain text. |

## EmailTemplate Part Settings

| Field | Definition |
|-------|------------|
| SelectedEmailTemplates | Array of templates ids that are currently linked to the content type. |

## Summary Admin Integration

Every content item with the Email Template part attached to its contnet type will be displayed with a dropdown of selected email templates. This will redirect you to the Send screen and will render the email using the selected content item as the model of the template.

## Workflow Intergration

> You will need to select an email template and provide a JavaScript expression that returns a content item. This content item will be used as the model of the template. By default, the field is assigned the expression `workflow().input["ContentItem"]` which returns the content item from the previous event. You can change it if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to select an email template and provide a JavaScript expression that returns an object. This object will be used as the model of the template. By default, the field is assigned the expression `workflow().input["ContentItem"]` which returns the content item from the content created event. You can change it if needed.
```

| Sender | The sender's email address. With Liquid support. |
| ReplyTo | The "reply to" email address. With Liquid support. |
| Recipients | The comma-separated list of recipient email addresses. With Liquid support. |
| CC | The comma-separated list of CC recipient email addresses. With Liquid support. |
| BCC | The comma-separated list of BCC recipient email addresses. With Liquid support. |
| Subject | The subject of the email message. With Liquid support. |
| Body | The body of the email message. With Liquid support. |
| IsBodyHtml | If checked, indicates the body of the email message is HTML. If unchecked, indicates the body of the email message is plain text. |

## EmailTemplate Part

The EmailTemplate Part allows you to link one or multiple email templates to any content type. Any instanciated content item from that content type will then act as the model for the email template.

## EmailTemplate Part Settings

| Field | Definition |
|-------|------------|
| SelectedEmailTemplates | Array of templates ids that are currently linked to the content type. |

## Summary Admin Integration

> Every content item with the Email Template part attached to its contnet type will be displayed with a dropdown of selected email templates. This will redirect you to the Send screen and will render the email using the selected content item as the model of the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every content item with the Email Template part attached to its content type will be displayed with a dropdown of selected email templates. This will redirect you to the Send screen and will render the email using the selected content item as the model of the template.
```
